README.md, before:

# Bistro-Demo-Tweaked
Lumberyard Bistro demo for [Godot](https://github.com/godotengine/godot). Original can be found [here](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/74965).

https://github.com/Jamsers/Bistro-Demo-Tweaked/assets/39361911/67493ad0-d19c-40ab-ad07-4014dbd654a5

Includes [Godot-Human-For-Scale](https://github.com/Jamsers/Godot-Human-For-Scale) to run around the level, and an interface for changing the time of day, resolution scaling, and quality scaling. Appropriate objects in the level are set to dynamic and are physics enabled, to see the effects of lighting on dynamic objects as well.

## Usage
1. Clone or download the Github repository.
2. Download [Godot 4.x](https://godotengine.org/download/) and open the repository folder with Godot.
3. Run the project. (Play button on the upper right corner of Godot's interface)

## Controls
WASD to move  
SHIFT to sprint  
SPACE to jump  
V to noclip

ESCAPE to capture/uncapture mouse.

**Mouse is uncaptured on start!**

## Profiler
Also includes a profiler to see performance details.

![image](https://github.com/Jamsers/Bistro-Demo-Tweaked/assets/39361911/a1ce03cb-2c95-40ce-b62f-b1a7628ff2a7)

Commit message:

Enabled profiling by default, capture mouse on start

README.md, after:

# Bistro-Demo-Tweaked
Lumberyard Bistro demo for [Godot](https://github.com/godotengine/godot). Original can be found [here](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/74965).

https://github.com/Jamsers/Bistro-Demo-Tweaked/assets/39361911/67493ad0-d19c-40ab-ad07-4014dbd654a5

Includes [Godot-Human-For-Scale](https://github.com/Jamsers/Godot-Human-For-Scale) to run around the level, and an interface for changing the time of day, resolution scaling, and quality scaling. Appropriate objects in the level are set to dynamic and are physics enabled, to see the effects of lighting on dynamic objects as well.

## Usage
1. Clone or download the Github repository.
2. Download [Godot 4.x](https://godotengine.org/download/) and open the repository folder with Godot.
3. Run the project. (Play button on the upper right corner of Godot's interface)

## Controls
WASD to move  
SHIFT to sprint  
SPACE to jump  
V to noclip

ESCAPE to capture/uncapture mouse.

## Profiler
Also includes a profiler to see performance details. Profiler is enabled by default. [RAM counter not available in release builds](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_performance.html#enumerations).

![image](https://github.com/Jamsers/Bistro-Demo-Tweaked/assets/39361911/a1ce03cb-2c95-40ce-b62f-b1a7628ff2a7)
